Input: new style (#459)
aragon/aragon-ui: src/components/Input/TextInput.md

# TextInput

> A basic text input component that can use a single or multiple lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic text input component that can be used in single or multi-line modes.
```

## Usage

```jsx
function App() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState('')
  return (
    <TextInput
      value={value}
      onChange={event => {
        setValue(event.target.value)
      }}
    />
  )
}
```

## Props

### `adornment`

| Type         | Default value |
| ------------ | ------------- |
| `React node` | `null`        |

Allows to add an icon or any other component inside of a `TextInput`.

### `adornmentPosition`

| Type                 | Default value |
| -------------------- | ------------- |
| `"start"` or `"end"` | `"start"`     |

Set this to change the position of the adornment. `'start'` is displayed on the left, and `'end'` on the right. Note: in the future, the position will be reversed in right-to-left languages.

### `adornmentSettings.width`

| Type     | Default value |
| -------- | ------------- |

> | `Number` | `34`          |

Reviewer: I think this is 36 now?

Author: Yes :pray:
